Updated C28751 (#3182)
Microsoft/windows-driver-docs: windows-driver-docs-pr/devtest/28751-banned-exallocatepool-usage.md

# C28751

> **warning C28751: Banned API Usage ExAllocatePool**\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning C28751: Banned API Usage ExAllocatePool**\
```

> _Banned usage of ExAllocatePool and its variants: ExAllocatePool is a banned API for improved error handling purposes._ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Banned usage of ExAllocatePool and its variants: The new APIs improve driver security by zeroing the returned allocation by default._ 
```
I think the major benefit of the new APIs are more about zeroing memory by default.

Author: I used the text that shows up when the error actually occurs. If we want to change this, it should probably start by changing the actual error, then I can match the change here

Reviewer: Oh, I see. Sorry, that wasn't clear.

Can you add some text to make it clear that this line is the actual error message output from Prefast?

Author: Done!

> This warning indicates that a function is being used that has been banned and has a more robust or secure replacement. This specific warning indicates the use of ExAllocatePool or one of its variants, which are deprecated. See [this article](Transition to ExAllocatePool2 API - OSGWiki ) for further information. A list of all banned functions covered by this error and recommended replacements can be found below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning indicates that a function is being used that has been banned and has a more robust or secure replacement. This specific warning indicates the use of ExAllocatePool or one of its variants, which are deprecated. See [this article](/windows-hardware/drivers/kernel/updating-deprecated-exallocatepool-calls) for further information. A list of all banned functions covered by this error and recommended replacements can be found below: 
```

For future reference, osgwiki is a Microsoft internal resource. It should not be used in public documentation.

## Banned Functions 

> | banned API | replacement(s) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Banned API | Replacement Function(s) |
```

For the public documentation, please try to use proper formatting, grammar, punctuation, etc. I'd like these documents to be as polished and professional as possible.
